Remove --html-write-function-pages option (#289)
twisted/pydoctor: README.rst

What's New?
~~~~~~~~~~~

pydoctor dev
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * Removed the ``--html-write-function-pages`` option. Please use the generated Intersphinx inventory (objects.inv) for deep-linking your documentation.

Reviewer: No need for the "please" part :)

There was a guide (by Google or maybe Gnome) in which it was described how to write user facing text  / messages.
I remember that one of the now as to not use "Please"

```suggestion
* Removed the ``--html-write-function-pages`` option. As a replacement, you can use the generated Intersphinx inventory (objects.inv) for deep-linking your documentation.
```
